Changes related to "AGP-84: Adding a Flock track to AGP-1" (#83)
aragon/AGPs: AGPs/AGP-1.md

Proposals made to the Proclamations track must be consistent with the Aragon Manifesto.
* E.g. “The Aragon Network declares February 10th to be Aragon Day.”

**Flock**  
Proposals made to the Flock track must be submitted by teams desiring to join the Flock program. They must be submitted to the AGP repository **at least two weeks** before the beginning of Stage IV at 16:00 UTC time.

> Any Flock proposal needs to be approved by the Aragon Association before it can be moved to Stage IV by AGP Editors. In order to approve a Flock Track proposal, the Aragon Association will create a PR consisting in a PGP signature with a SHA-256 hash of the raw application text at the time of approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flock proposals need to be approved by the Aragon Association before they can be moved to Stage IV by AGP Editors. In order to pre-approve a Flock track proposal, the Aragon Association will provide the team a PGP signed message of the SHA-256 hash of the raw application text at the time of approval. In case the proposal changes during the Community Review period, the Aragon Association won't need to re-sign the proposal as it was already pre-approved.
```

> Flock proposals need to be approved by the Aragon Association before they can be moved to Stage IV by AGP Editors. In order to pre-approve a Flock track proposal, the Aragon Association will provide the team a PGP signed message of the SHA-256 hash of the raw application text at the time of approval. In case the proposal changes during the Community Review period, the Aragon Association won't need to re-sign the proposal as it was already pre-approved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Flock proposals need to be approved by the Aragon Association before they can be moved to Stage IV by AGP Editors. In order to pre-approve a Flock track proposal, the Aragon Association will provide the team a PGP-signed message of the SHA-256 hash of the raw application text at the time of approval. In case the proposal changes during the Community Review period, the Aragon Association won't need to re-sign the proposal as it was already pre-approved.
```
